20250403_161711.wav:The strange noise uncle, with a gray face, went to Albania to find his grandmother Llapazan and to know her new son -in -law.
20250408_212848.wav:The construction of the Rozafati castle has a beautiful and bitter tradition. That came from our antiquity, here's what this tradition says. She fell to Buna and covered them all. This groan remained there for three days and three nights. After three days and three nights, a thin breeze blew and raised the pledge.
20250421_195822.wav:Once upon a time a poor family lived in the village. At home was a boy named Beni and his sister, Emma. They had died their father and lived only with their mom. Date went five zero nine two thousand eleven, Ben's mother's birthday. Beni and Emma, ​​with their opportunities, tried to cook a cake and adorn the room. Their mum was tired, as she had just got out of work. She was very tired. She walked in the way. One lion, she was very afraid, as well as the lion, she said. O dear lion, please don't kill me. The lion was afraid of himself. The lion told him, I'm not a pet actually, he has cursed a witch. I have nowhere to live. Other animals are afraid of me, they think I lie to what you eat. I don't know if you let me live with you. The woman told him, but the lion told the way, I'm not really cursed, I'm a magician. People who are charitable, I fulfill a desire they enjoy. The woman told her that she has no money and wants a very good job and a place to put their heads. The magician fulfilled the gift to the woman. The children, when they looked at their mom, immediately dumped towards her. The children already celebrated their mum's birthday. They lived forever happy.
20250421_201934.wav:Once upon a time a man and a man lived in a large house. They had no children, so they decided to raise two cats. The cats were named Koko and Kiki. Kiki was very jealous and quarrel. Koko was not jealous, even she was polite and did not break the dishes or tear down the curtains with claws. For this, the owners were bored. The woman told her husband, is it strange? Why, my wife, said the man? And yes, Kiki is different from the head. And what about, the man said. Kiki at this moment was passing by nearby and said in a low voice. So you don't love me. Clearly, tomorrow I will leave this house and spend a better life. Tomorrow morning, she woke up early, went out to the window and jumped hop to the ground. Koku had watched and was surprised. Where you go so early, Koko whispered. So did any of the back. Kiki went to a house where he had a child and thought that maybe this house would take better care of Kiki. Kiki stayed outside the door all night, shouting to be heard. The children heard him and went out immediately. Looking at the older brother Leo, he looked at her and called her mom. Mom, Mom, come on a cat. Mum was surprised, immediately went out of the cat. Yes, yes, let's take it, the children said. I'll think, Mom said. Please, please the children. And well, said mom. Kiki rejoiced and said, I know you will love me and you know my father's villa. Kiki entered the house. After a few days, the family paid no attention. Kiki thought of the former owners and said, if they were looking for me, Kiki thought. Koko could not catch the kiki and returned home. The owners were worried about cats. We were surprised when we just went to the head without kiki. Kiki returned home but was afraid. The owners were looking for them. When Kiki returned, it was just the head at home. Kiki, where he was, He asked the head in another house. What was the head surprised? For me you are my family and I love you very much. Kiki and Time hugged. The man and the woman looked at the two cats and rejoiced. Kiki had realized how important the family was. They lived happy forever.
20250421_203247.wav:The fog of work fell and covered it all. This fog remained there for three days and three nights. After three days and three nights, a thin breeze blew and raised the road well. He raised it and brought it to the hill of Valdanuz. There were three brothers on the hill, they built a castle. The wall that made the day broke down at night and so they could not exalt it. A good old man goes there. It is raised on us on the widespread work and on the city of Shkodra, the high castle of the roads. When the first stone is laid on the foundations of this castle, it is not known. Her story is lost in the fog of Illyrian antiquity the ancient inhabitants of this sleeve. One thing is known correctly, they once had the Labeates and then the Ardians, who were strong Illyrian tribes. At that time the entire Adriatic coast.
20250429_115056.wav:The story of a rat, the mouse the world, was seemingly smaller every day. In front of his eyes, only the walls that were exalted, and the roads that became more and narrower. One day he found himself in front of an out -of -way street, led to his back, when the cat's sharp claws were blazing in front of his eyes.
20250429_115126.wav:I ordered them to bring the horse out of the stall. The servant did not understand me. I went on my own, I shared the horse and the riding. In the distance I heard a ringing call. I asked him what he was. He had nothing, he had not even heard anything. At the door he stopped me and asked me. Where are you rushing like that, my lord? I don't know, I said, far from here, onwards. Always far from this place, only so can they achieve my arrival. Do you know the site? Isn't it so, my lord? Asked. Yes, I replied. Didn't I tell you? Already, far from here, there is my place. But you have not received any supplies with you, he reminded me. I need nothing, I said. The journey is so long that it will starve if I haven't got anything on the way. No supplies will save me. Thankfully, it is a very long journey.
20250429_115242.wav:Running, I escaped the first guard, then for a moment I was terrified, I came back and said. I passed when you didn't mind, and saw me for a moment and said nothing. It seems to me that I shouldn't have made this gesture, I said. He stayed without speaking again, does your silence mean anything approval to pass?
20250429_115317.wav:It seems to be terrible to be single and old, which barely preserves its dignity. Looking for refuge for others when you want to spend an evening in society. Being sick and from the bed of the bed to look at the empty room for weeks. Sitting to rest on the doorstep, never climb a staircase next to your friend. Do not have in your room except the communication doors that open on the entrances of others. Returning home holding your dinner in hand, to be forced to admire the children of others, without the right to repeat over and over. I do not have to fabricate a look and a duplicate holding. From one or two bachelors of our youth memories, here's what this will be. Except that we are here in reality today and that we will be here later. With an ideal body and a real head, and a consequence with a brow to hit him with palm.
20250429_115528.wav:Anyone who lives abandoned and would still want to bind any relationship, whoever faces the changes that the hours impose. Seasons, Sanati or whatever other circumstance wants to find a wing, one wing whatever to hold. So this. I will not be able to do you for a long time without a window on the road, and even if he were at the point that he would not ask for anything, even if he were no other. It notes that an old man bent out of the fatigue that rests on the window and that you stroll his eyes between the public and the sky, the head slightly left behind. Without wanting anything, the horses would, however, attract in their cortex. Of carriages and noise to finally redeem in the pile of people.
20250429_125651.wav:It is the great river of life, it does not flow for all. Places-he crawls up in some boring circles. Filled with monuments of a mourning past, which rise up the shores, where he has no force to overthrow them elsewhere. He floods, elevating new beds as he wiped the old. If they burst through the swampy created from its course and up to it. Packed full of rrings and junk at all times. Such swamps of human life are found in many corners of Europe, but especially in the Middle East. For the people who live in these areas, time has not moved. When the passenger comes between them, the West feels within himself a fear, how to full of vein memories. From the dawn of his race, he says to himself, so you say to bring it for thousands of years. So the mourning and I wait for the enemy, so I have thought and to be brought at the dawn of time.
20250429_125844.wav:As surprising as the history of Albania may seem, a complicated story of great interest remains to be written. It is now well known what are the claims of Greeks, Bulgarians and Serbs on the Balkan Peninsula. A kind like what Austria, Russia and Italy wants. It has forever been fashionable that the rights and claims of the oldest inhabitants of these tribes. Albanians to be ignored and every plan to date to reform and rebuild the Near East has failed. The story of every people is a great epic that requires a job that goes beyond my reach. The following short sketch shows only the passage. which influenced the fate of the population of Northern Albania, but still failed to subjugate the individuality of this stubborn.
20250429_130234.wav:The Tuluz restaurant adjacent to the Capitol hill boasted with his unusual menu. Small beef and carpaco cold with horse meat, which had turned it into a favorite place for Washington's abundant breakfast. This morning, Tuluz was all the vibrancy, a cacophony of noises from the clashes of the tactics. Espress cars and conversations with mobile phones. The woman was attractive in her thirties, dressed in gray -line staff. Flat shoes and a ivory Laura blouse. Her attitude was right. A little raised beard, not arrogant, simply determined. The hair was light and regular brown, according to the most widespread model in Washington. Known as a woman aspiration, turned down to the long shoulders, enough to be seductive. But short, enough to remember that he was probably smarter than you. I am a little late, the woman said with her simple voice. I have a meeting with Senator Sex Section. The chief charter gathered himself at once. Senator was a regular restaurant client and recently who had made one of the country's most famous people. Twelve Republican candidates had been defeated in the protagonist of Isa Martha in the last week.  thus ensuring his party's support for the post of President of the United States. Many believed that the senator had a magnificent opportunity to conquer the White House in the battle for the coming autumn president. Recently, the secton's face was in every magazine in the country. The slogans of his campaign were waving throughout America. To stop the expenses, start construction.
20250429_130503.wav:Reikel seemed unprotected under his surveillance, and she cursed the power of this man. The Senator's eyes were his gift, the gift that the Reyshle thought he would probably take him to the White House. As with command, his eyes were tears. And a moment later, they turned again, making for themselves many troubled souls and arousing confidence in all. Faith is everything. His father always said. The Senator had lost Recëll years ago, but I quickly remembered that he was invading the whole country. I have a proposal for you, Senator said. Let me find it, repaid it. In an effort to strengthen the positions, any divorce without fuss to find a new bride? Do not make fun of yourself, soul. You're not the least. I want to offer you a house cannon. I didn't know I was drowning, you don't, the president. I had to jump from the side before it's too late.
20250429_130637.wav:I am convinced that children are our future. Riculli could not believe that his father had fallen so down that he quoted Popi songs. Finally, sir, the journalist said, you have won many points in the surveys in recent weeks. The president must be concerned in any opinion of your latest successes. I think it's about faith. Americans have begun to realize that the president cannot be trusted. The difficult decisions that the nation faces, the government's vain spending, are plunging this place into debts day by day. And Americans are already realizing that it's time to say spending and starting construction. How to escape his father's rhetoric, Bipri in Richelli's bag sounds loudly. Usually, high electronic electric bell was an unpopular interruption for it. But at that moment, she seemed like a melody. The senator took a strict look, upset by the interruption. Reyshër pulled the bip out of the hand bag and pressed the code with five buttons to confirm that she had the bip. The bell stopped and the light of the liquid with liquid crystals began to turn off and the fifteen seconds. She would receive a secret message. You do not, addressed to the senator by whitening his teeth. It seems your daughter is a very busy woman with work. It is a pleasure to see that you both find time to stay together. As I told them before, the family, above all, shake his head and then looked firmly. I can ask you sir how they avoided working with your daughter. Contradictions? Senator Sejkston raised his head with a confusion expression on his face. What contradictions do you mean? Riceller glanced at a quick glance, giving up with his father's words. He knew how the start of this work would go. Damn journalists thought. Half of them took the salary from politics. The reporter's question was defined by journalists as a fruit hook. A question that seemed like a simple turn of information, but in fact it was an open Senator support.
20250429_130924.wav:The three men who were sitting quietly inside the tent protected by the storm, outside of an ice breeze slammed over the shelter and almost tapped. Of the holders, none of them were worried. All three had previously been in situations much more dangerous than this. The tent was white and was placed in a low pit, which was not visible. Their shipping communication equipment and weapons were all of the last word. The group leader bearing the coded name Delta 1. He was muscular and agile, with empty eyes, a kind like the environment in which he was staying. The military conography of Delta one kept on the key, released a high bip sound with perfect harmony. The same sound released the key. The chronographers of the other two men had passed for another thirty minutes. The time had come again. Immediately, Delta one left. From his two colleagues, he went out in the dark amidst the frantic wind. Observed the illuminated horizon by the moon. With a pair of infrared binoculars, as always focused on the object. It was a thousand meters away and it was a huge and strange building rising above the deserted terrain. He and his team had already been under surveillance for ten days since the time of its construction. Delta one was more than armored. That the information she was hiding would change the world. Lives of people were sacrificed for her protection. For the way, from outside everything seemed at ease. However, the most important thing was what was happening inside the freeze. Delta Njashi returned to the tent again and addressed his two associates. It's time for a small flight and the two men shook their heads. The longest of them comes out to double, opened a laptop and lit it. Located in front of the screen, it comes out to pave the hand to a mechanical leve and gave it a slight drawn. A thousand meters further, hidden in the scout scutt, an observation robot as a mosquito grabbed the signal and began to move.
20250429_135454.wav:Ricilli instantly forgot everything, the printed sheets he held in his hand, Mining, Meteorite and the strange tunnel under the ice. He had just felt a small circle that dispelled his ear, and he did not get in the gallbladder. Instinctively kneeling, pulling the tolland down. What is going on? Cried tolland. Ricoli seemed like a hailstorm, ice -flying pieces of tattooing October and yet. From the force with which Korki and Nora had just been hit, Richlli knew that the hailstorm had to move at a speed of hundreds of miles per hour. Scary, the sudden barrage of objects in the size of the dice now seemed to focus on the rain and the tolland.  falling with a frenzy around them and raising the pole from the ice. The raw rolled over the belly, stuck the top of the shoes on the ice, and attacked the loneliness of the loneliness, the slita. Talland came a moment later, dragging on to the pedestrians and sat down with the gall beside her. Tollan looked at Korki and Nora, who had remained unprotected on the ice. You pull with the rope, he shouted, grabbing the rope and trying to pull them. But the rope was wrapped beyond the sled. Riceli rank the printed sheets in the pocket of the costume. And he crawled his hand around the sled, being able to wrap the rope from the sled rails. Dolland came to her immediately. Suddenly, the hailstorm began to fall like a fire inside on the sled. It seemed as if Mother Nature had abandoned them in the clock. And he was scoring directly on Richell and Dolland. One of the grains collided over strength. On the cover of the sled was slightly sank, then jumped up and fell on the sleeve of the Ricelian coat. When he saw his head, Richelli was instantly froze the confusion he had felt until then. Turned into a terror. These hailstorms were man -made. The ice pellet on its sleeve was a spheroid in the size of a large cherry. The surface was very smooth, there was only a thin line around the perimeter, like a bullet of the old mules. There was no doubt. How much masters were man -made.
20250429_141700.wav:Hello, I'm called Aldiku, I'm a student at the University of New York in Tirana. I was born in Burrel, a city in the north of ... Tirana, already very close because of the end of the Arberi road, I am studying for. Computer science, the final project will be something related to artificial intelligence. And this video is being created because I need data. too big to train the model up to the point it is. Be capable of making lip transformations into languages ​​other than the Albanian language, for example. In English or German I have had a lot of support from Advajzeri. That I do not know the word Albanian for the moment for it, but it is enough for this video to speak constantly about whatever kind of thing that comes to my mind. I have had great interests in recent years due to the professor. I had an increase in interest in artificial intelligence to understand what she did, how she did. How capable I am to be able to get into this field. I have also created interests in other entities such as cyber security, internet flows. Artificial intelligence, one of them, but also some other things in my personal life, such as. Going to the gym regularly to train the body to keep it healthier possible. Then we are also interested in. Sports or activities, such as martial arts like months, which would make me. A little more versatile I would say, because in the gym I just go, do two hours of training and get home, rest, eat bread. And bread is a very major part of the exercise, I have to eat protein constantly. And enough protein for the body, to recover and create. in muscle growth. On the martial map it is not that it takes so much muscle growth, more technique and strength, which are things that are not necessarily done in the gym. So for the moment.
20250429_142152.wav:At the moment I would like to describe my normal day or one of the days when I have class and I have to go to school. On a normal day, as you sleep at the hour or about twelve o'clock, more precisely. I wake up about eight and a half or nine o'clock. As I get tired of the previous day, most of the days are about eight to nine hours, very rarely. I can reach up to nine hours. Hours and a half or even ten, it certainly depends on how tired of the previous day, maybe from training or any job. That I could have done during the day a big walk out of Tirana with my father to help him with various projects. Unfortunately, the next thing I do after I wake up is to open the phone, to see anything new that may have happened because I have. I believe what is called the fear of the missing, which I want to be informed all the time. For whatever kind of things that do not care about telling the truth, for example, American, Canadian, World, European Policies, etc. Stay in bed thirty minutes to an hour, then get up, cook breakfast. Which most days is four fried eggs with olive oil. More or less a spoonful of olive oil to a half spoon, perhaps less than one and a half spoonful. These days I accompanied him with a German sausage, which is pretty good, brought by a friend or colleague of my father. Who is German, has worked in Albania for several years and came to stand in Divjak. After breakfast, I definitely need to drink a coffee, otherwise during lunch. It is, starts and grabs me a headache that lasts all day, if I don't drink coffee. It is a problem for those who drink coffee and want to leave it. Because his headache begins almost immediately. Then we started and we sat on the computer, where all the files were opened. I try to review what I did the day of. passed and to see where I quit my job and what to do next.
20250429_164258.wav:Fortunately, now some videos have been made, which are somewhat long, I would say at least a minute. Fifty seconds, maybe up to three minutes, still not enough for what I want to do. So I will continue to make such videos, filling them. But as I see, another problem will be created, which is the space where it can preserve. The videos will be limited, then I have no idea how much the model will be aggravated by the size of the video. A video about. Three minutes requires about four hundred megabytes. Space, so you can think about how much space you will need in even larger videos, or even simply. For the model, forget about the space at all. I have a lot of space on my computer at the moment, because I have about eight Terabaj.  with hardisk and two dumbbells with it. But again, when you take the model and process these, it will be pretty difficult to say the truth. The other problem is then creating videos in a website that can borrow or rent. Some graphics cards, which I can then, can use for it. Made a slightly better model, perhaps, to help me. More with what I want to do, I also wanted to get involved more. In the martial arts, such as Taj months or even just boxing. I know I don't have to use such words. That are of English origin, it is not that we have how to replace them, or at least this is my opinion at the moment. There are some words that are either borrowed, or simply replace them with the equivalent word in English, which is not that I like. Even himself, whenever he uses foreign words, especially English ones, do not seem to me appropriate for me. Ninety -nine percent of the time, with conversations with normal people, with friends then. I don't know, some time we have not gathered together. On Sunday I helped one of the friends to clean his home. When it comes to cleaning, I mean they are cleaning waste, concrete waste and others, because the house is unfinished. It's just the columns, walls and. A little plastering on the outside, it is not done. Almost nothing, are simply the columns and walls, as I said. They have to reserve a lot of work, but he wanted to clear the place once on a later date or day. To come to the workers, not to delay them, cleaning and removing them. It is not that we got tired of it, spent two and a half hours working with him, we talked. Meanwhile, he was with his girlfriend or fiancé. I don't know, I'm not very sure of the situation they have. At the moment, anyway I support it. I'm talking some brooches. Here in the video because I have nothing to add, I'm just talking what happens the first things that come to my mind. As you notice, I am also in red most of the time, with the coat of arms. One of the brands of the world's most famous cars follows the races. Of this China, but I am also very interested in engines. In the last few years I have started being interested in the engines. I love adrenaline, the feeling of absolute freedom to give the engines. The fact that you can move with them even in traffic, but you have to be very careful, of course. I do not like the fact that the number of motorcycle accidents is four to five times higher than the car, which makes very dangerous. I have not definitely made the engine yet, though I wanted, except for the fact that I have no work to do money, so that I can buy a engine. So, even if I did the engine patent, I don't know what I would do with it, except just to do it there.
20250516_183037.wav:Hello, today was a not so good day. So rain almost all day is not that it was heavy rain, it was a light rain, but it lasted for a long time.
20250516_183142.wav:In the early morning, the sun illuminated the horizon as the birds sang synchronously and quietly.
20250516_183209.wav:Students prepared a detailed presentation on impact.
20250516_183223.wav:After completing the tasks of the day, she decided to read a book on ancient Greek philosophy.
20250516_183235.wav:During the summer holidays, our family traveled to several historical cities and experienced various interesting cultures.
20250516_183255.wav:To achieve his professional goals, he followed the state to work with great dedication.
20250516_183305.wav:During the seminar, the professor discussed the importance of ethics in research and social responsibility of scholars.
20250516_183318.wav:Although it was late at the meeting, the children continued to play with power in the park in front of the house.
20250516_183328.wav:Unexpected rain with rainy and strong wind forced the group ...
20250516_183338.wav:As she cut off the bus, she watched passers -by and imagined the stories behind their faces.
20250516_183349.wav:The meeting for the new project lasted several hours, with deep discussions and proposals from each team member.
20250516_183402.wav:If I wish these sentences to focus on a particular topic of technology, education, nature, etc., I can adapt them as needed.
20250516_223040.wav:Although there was a lot of work to do, he preferred to lie down on the sofa all day.
20250516_223051.wav:The lack of motivation made every task bypass, pushing things endlessly for no strong reason.
20250516_223105.wav:She always finds excuses not to start any projects, regardless of the time and opportunities she has.
20250516_223120.wav:His laziness turned into a serious obstacle, preventing him from achieving the simplest goals of the day.
20250516_223132.wav:Despite the big plans, he never started the way to success due to a lack of will.
20250516_223143.wav:Every morning he spent them in bed, thinking about the things he had to do, but he never did.
20250516_223156.wav:Some people prefer to live in the comfort zone, avoiding any challenge that requires their dedication.
20250516_223208.wav:Due to laziness, it fails in many initiatives from the beginning they had the potential for great success.
20250516_223221.wav:The lack of discipline and will left behind all the peers who worked hard to move forward.
20250516_223236.wav:He had good ideas, but laziness kept it tied to customs that did not improve.
20250516_223248.wav:If you want, it can do it.
20250517_202939.wav:Although he felt that time he was slipping out of his hands like sand in the sand clock. He stood without moving, wrapped in a sweet apathy sensation.
20250517_203018.wav:Every morning he began with a silent battle between the desire for change and the laziness that he whispered to push everything for tomorrow.
20250517_203032.wav:Instead of facing the difficulties of the day, he was expensive.
20250517_203048.wav:She had the opportunity, time and support, but the lack of will grabbed every beginning, leaving her life deaf and colorless.
20250517_203102.wav:In a world that requires constant effort and movement, it was like a tired oak that no longer wanted to grow towards Light.
20250517_203122.wav:Everything that could be done in an hour, he distributed it in all days of waiting, as if he hoped the tasks would disappear by itself.
20250517_203136.wav:In the depths, he knew he was losing invaluable opportunities, but for which a curtain was put on his eyes and hid all the consequences.
20250517_203151.wav:Simply a lack of energy for a silent way of life, which slowly removed from any form of fulfillment.
20250517_203206.wav:While others built dreams with tireless work, he built towers with empty words, which were quietly collapsed as soon as they came in the face of reality.
20250517_203238.wav:Determined, he smiled and said that tomorrow it always looked easier.
20250524_191629.wav:Creating footage to maintain a large database.
20250524_191657.wav:Video tests seeing different angles, different lights, different shades. I'll try later too. Shaving the beard, maybe there is a difference, I don't know as well as I have to express my mouth movement. If it affects more, if I make a little more exaggerated lip movements or not.
20250524_191831.wav:It is making some footage to open the database that. It takes me a little later, creating a camera moves, perhaps even different angles. To see how the model will react, which is just as accurate or not. It is especially when they become such big or small movements, it doesn't matter different angles, different vibrations and these kinds of things. Createdatedatedated
20250524_192811.wav:In a small village between the mountains lived a boy named Ardi. Ardi was curious. Always with a book in hand and a dream in mind, to discover something that no one had ever seen. One morning, as he walked near a river hidden behind the forest, he found a stone that shone differently from everything else. When touched, the soil was slightly trembling and a white light exploded in the air. From that light came a blue -eyed woman who said. You are chosen to expand the horizons of this country, but it will take courage. Ardi did not hesitate, set out on a trip to discover the source of the day. And the mystery behind her along the way, met Elena, a girl with an old violin. That had a magical melody in their hands, they joined forces and discovered that the stone was the key. To expand an ancient hidden underground city, this last sentence made a mistake. The expanded word is awake at the end. Ardi understood. That the greatest discovery was not the stone, but the trust it had gained in itself. And the friendships he had built on the street.
20250524_205241.wav:Let's see how the model will succeed in making your lips climb, I can say. Different lights, different quality, even with things that probably move, as I had and light behind me.
20250524_205312.wav:At the moment, the poet, going to a friend's house, will meet him in the season.  A little late, but we will talk a little and then leave home. They have not paved the way yet, but as far as I can see, they have dumped them.
20250525_110641.wav:Hello once again. We had a lot of problems, I would say, in creating data for the model that we would then get the videos. It is more or less not knowing what to talk about, but I am giving me as many different words as possible. To speak at different speeds, for example, as long as possible. Various positions, the tuza that has dried slightly, is quickly adjusted. I believe I will also remove the beard for a couple of days, after making some different videos. Even so for the last moment.
20250525_110752.wav:At the moment I'm on the balcony of my house, I'm enjoying coffee. It's a bit late to drink coffee.  Because I'm pretty late, I got home at one o'clock. It's a long day, just exactly. I don't know what the work program will be like, I'm trying to make a short plan. The first queue of work is simply creating a database as large as possible. I don't know if it is important if the part of the jaw beard goes down the video or how far away. Should stay stay. I don't know if it's so important, though I have a bigger one here on foot. I don't know how much. Effect, cameraman is very small, it does nothing, but I still try to come to hand. Why not directly, and see if we want to go to any place, it will climb the arm. Gudulis a little, we were told the right, Budulis pretty. I don't know if you had problems with mosquitoes. But my father and I have many problems, always catch us often, and those that do not catch, make noise in our ears then.  constantly disturb the night's sleep.
20250525_111119.wav:Test number three for today I will try to make the videos. And the more holidays between the words that was said. I know how impact this will have on us. The final model I am very puzzled. To know how much noise in it. Behind the scene can be heard and can ... this effect on the final model.
20250525_111857.wav:A new idea to find out what to talk about, can describe what I see below the balcony. As soon as a car passed, but in Valli it was a tip. Great car, I have the impression, I don't know how to say it otherwise. A two -person engine passed. Many people are going out on the lap today, it's Sunday. Another blue car, another gray car, a taxi. There is a lot of swallows in my neighborhood. The balcony of the house is filled with some basil parsley plants. And I don't know how some of the other plants are named in Albanian. Mom and manure and manure, I don't know how much. It is effective. However, we saddle the next stage. There are people who have come up with their children. The time is not too cold, not too hot. I can say it's fresh, it's not hot at all. Anyway, it's a day off. A woman is throwing the garbage. The truck that collects the debris was left just minutes ago, five to ten minutes ago. Here I also have an orange tree, an olive tree and another tree, which seems to me to be a lemon tree. But it has not extracted any fruit so far for three years we have had it as religion. However, for a while I finish coffee, I have to make a work plan for the international project. Inference and then a training that does not know how long it will take. It doesn't matter, because it will last enough to do it as a parent. Can I buy something online with graphics cards. And I am trying to use as many Albanian words and not borrowed from Turkish or English. Anyway. At the moment, it is not that there is anything interesting that is happening in my appearance. People go to coffee at the supermarket. They just walk in the neighborhood park, children always play in some cases and scream, I'm closing it badly.
